fix: x509 chain example. Added x509 chain gen util (#732)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/trust.rst

     - ``DNS=example.net``
     - ``DNS=*.example.org``

> Below a non-normative example in plain text (OpenSSL format) of an X.509 Certificate Chain with an intermediary, starting from the leaf certificate.

Author: ```suggestion
Below is a non-normative example, in plain text (OpenSSL format), of an X.509 certificate chain with an intermediate CA, starting from the Leaf certificate.
```
